alaz occupied East
Jerusalem well we can now speak to Dr
Muhammad Abu Salia he's the director of
the alifa hospital gaza's largest doctor
you're able to join us on the phone from
alifa hospital thank you for your time
after the multiple strikes that have
taken place on your hospital we've been
hearing that snipers are also nearby
what is the situation like there now and
how is everyone holding
up
there is no doubt this is yet another
bloody day in the north of Gaza
Strip today is can be called war on
hospitals starting by a Rashid
pediatric pediatric hospital then R
hospital this morning our hospital was
shed on the yard then the Outpatient
Clinic after that deliver
W was sh dozens of patients let alone
victims were killed this is nothing but
tragic catastrophe we cannot find a
single bed to place victims on we cannot
even find an another W to accommodate
the victims people are dying between our
hands and we cannot do anything Al
Hospital the hospital we are head even
the people who are taking Refuge within
the hospitals
complex where
sheld we are now taking difficult
decisions to compare between who to save
and who to let die so at the Outpatient
Clinic we we were forced to put patients
and victims
in this morning we received more than 40
cases with critical conditions as we
speak the Israeli war planes are
hovering of over our
heads leadless to say we are totally out
of medical supplies viels as I speak to
you I'm standing in front of 100 dead
bodies 100 dead bodies I cannot do
anything and we cannot even bury our
dead the situation in and around the
hospital is
catastrophe this is unprecedented in our
history this is
unprecedented following the shelling of
the Baptist Hospital the whole world
must have acted against the Israeli
atrocities now other hospitals followed
as we speak we are expecting the Israeli
war planes May pound the hospital
to commit yet another foolish act as we
speak we are being threatened receiving
warnings to evacuate but we cannot we
cannot do anything to our patients let
alone the incubators where dozens of
baby borns are taking
treatment I have to ask you because as
you know I know the conditions there are
are terrible and you're having to make
impossible impossible decisions Israel
is saying that they are targeting alifa
because Hamas is using the space under
the hospital as its command and Control
Center and they've been showing
satellite images which they claim are
proof what is your answer to
that this is false these are utter lies
this is a civilian hospital we are
catering to more than
1.5 million gazin the Israeli for
occupation forces are fully aware that
this is a totally safe area they are
certain that there is no command centers
or any tunnels underneath this
hospitals we have more than
250 medical
volunteers on from all over the world
with different nationalities waiting on
RAF Crossing to come and lend a helping
hand if they know that this is a command
center for Hamas they wouldn't have come
here onor staff un staff uh
International Organization staff have
been in and around the hospital and they
know for sure that this is a totally
civilian Hospital catering to the
victims and patients catering to more
than 2 million people all across Gaza in
addition to that more than uh two weeks
ago we took the representatives of the
media from all over the world in a tour
in and around and under the hospital to
prove that the Israelis are propagating
mere lies false groundless allegations
this is a totally civilian Hospital
catering to patients and the victims the
Israeli occupation forces are
indiscriminately shelling our people
they are turning they have turned the
Blind Eye to the international law human
rights law and continue to commit
atrocities to to reiterate what you're
saying so it's very very clear you are
saying that Hamas is not using any part
of alifa the hospital or the compound in
or under the hospital for military
purposes you've been very very clear
about that I want to ask you because we
we heard from the Gaza Health Ministry
just yesterday that you were 36 hours
away from having to stop critical
Services what is the state
of critical Services there now at the
hospital this is what we reiterate today
we are have only four section four units
operating the Intensive Care Unit the
incubator operation theater and dialysis
these WS cannot function without
electricity the remaining parts of the
hospitals including the out patients
clinics and all other wordss are now out
of service out of operation we are in a
dire need for fuel we need to continue
to operate the generator in order to be
able to keep these critical units
functioning by no means we cannot save
those lives thousands of patients and
victims their their lives are hanging by
a thread we need fuel we need to
continue to operate the gener
this is a war crime this is a war crime
we do not know how long we can last we
may endure for a couple of hours but
after that it will be nothing but a
catastrophe we call on all the parties
to have a ceasefire
established we lost more than
12,000 killed and 20,000 injured isn't
it enough isn't this enough how long
still have die for the war to stop Dr Dr
Muhammad Abu Sal there the director of
alifa Hospital thank you so much for
joining us here on alzero we wish you
and all of your staff all the best with
your work well more is coming up stay
with
us